experiment	item	condition	context	shortcontext	text	qType	question
experiment	1	1	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her grandchildren, John and Marion.  She had knitted two scarves as gifts, and had also purchased a couple of stuffed bunnies. She wrapped up a scarf and a bunny for John.  Then she remembered how rude Marion had been at Thanksgiving.	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her two grandchildren.	Gramma didn't give a scarf to Marion. Gramma only gave a bunny to Marion.  	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	1	2	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her grandchildren, John and Marion.  She had knitted two scarves as gifts, and had also purchased a couple of stuffed bunnies. She wrapped up a scarf and a bunny for John.  Then she remembered how rude Marion had been at Thanksgiving.	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her two grandchildren.	Gramma gave a scarf and a bunny to John. Gramma only gave a bunny to Marion.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	1	3	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her grandchildren, John and Marion.  She had knitted two scarves as gifts, and had also purchased a couple of stuffed bunnies. She wrapped up a scarf and a bunny for Marion.  Then she remembered how rude John had been at Thanksgiving. 	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her two grandchildren.	Gramma didn't give a bunny to John. Gramma only gave a bunny to Marion.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	1	4	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her grandchildren, John and Marion.  She had knitted two scarves as gifts, and had also purchased a couple of stuffed bunnies. She wrapped up a scarf and a bunny for Marion.  Then she remembered how rude John had been at Thanksgiving.	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her two grandchildren. 	Gramma gave a scarf to both Marion and John. Gramma only gave a bunny to Marion.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	1	5	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her grandchildren, John and Marion.  She had thought about buying scarves and stuffed bunnies as presents. Money was very tight that year, and although she wanted to give lots of gifts to both of them, she realized she would have to choose one grandchild to give a single gift to. Then she remembered how rude John had been at Thanksgiving.	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her two grandchildren.	Gramma didn't give a scarf to Marion, and she didn't give either a bunny or a scarf to John. Gramma only gave a bunny to Marion.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	1	6	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her grandchildren.  Money was very tight that year, and although she wanted to give lots of gifts to both of them, she realized she would have to choose one grandchild to give a single gift to. 	It was Christmas, and Gramma was deciding what gifts to give to her two grandchildren.	Gramma picked one present and gave it to her favorite grandchild. Gramma only gave a bunny to Marion.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	2	1	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. Two friends of his, Tom and Lillian, came by to rent helmets and knee pads for protection, in case they fell while skating. Jim had helmets for both of them, but he only had one pair of knee pads. He knew that Lillian was a much better skater than Tom.	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach.	Jim didn't rent knee pads to Lilian. Jim only rented a helmet to Lillian.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	2	2	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. Two friends of his, Tom and Lillian, came by to rent helmets and knee pads for protection, in case they fell while skating. Jim had helmets for both of them, but he only had one pair of knee pads. He knew that Lillian was a much better skater than Tom.	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. 	Jim rented a helmet and knee pads to Tom. Jim only rented a helmet to Lillian.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	2	3	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. Two friends of his, Tom and Lillian, came by to rent helmets and knee pads for protection, in case they fell while skating. Jim had knee pads for both of them, but he only had one helmet. He knew that Lillian was not very good at skating.	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. 	Jim didn't rent a helmet to Tom. Jim only rented a helmet to Lillian.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	2	4	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. Two friends of his, Tom and Lillian, came by to rent helmets and knee pads for protection, in case they fell while skating. Jim had knee pads for both of them, but he only had a single helmet. He knew that Lillian was not very good at skating.	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. 	Jim rented knee pads to both Lillian and Tom. Jim only rented a helmet to Lillian.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	2	5	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. Two friends of his, Tom and Lillian, came by to rent helmets and knee-pads for protection, in case they fell while skating. Jim didn't have any knee pads left, and he only had one helmet. He knew that Lillian was not very good at skating.	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. 	Jim didn't rent a helmet to Tom and he didn't rent knee pads to either Lillian or Tom. Jim only rented a helmet to Lillian.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	2	6	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. Two friends of his came by to rent helmets and knee pads for protection, in case they fell while skating. Jim didn't have any knee pads left, and he only had one helmet.	Jim was the owner of an inline-skate rental place on the beach. 	Jim could only rent one piece of equipment to one person. Jim only rented a helmet to Lillian.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	3	1	Tara and Norman asked Sally whether they could borrow snowboarding equipment from her for the weekend. They knew she and her husband used to snowboard, and still had snowboards and shoes that they didn't use much anymore. Sally agreed and looked for them in the attic. While she found two snowboards, she could not find the second pair of shoes. Norman said that he might be able to borrow shoes from a friend. 	Sally was thinking about lending some snowboarding equipment to two of her friends.	Sally didn't lend shoes to Norman. Sally only lent a snowboard to Norman.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	3	2	Tara and Norman asked Sally whether they could borrow snowboarding equipment from her for the weekend. They knew she and her husband used to snowboard, and still had snowboards and shoes that they didn't use much anymore. Sally agreed and looked for them in the attic. While she found two snowboards, she could not find the second pair of shoes. Norman said that he might be able to borrow shoes from a friend. 	Sally was thinking about lending some snowboarding equipment to two of her friends.	Sally lent a snowboard and shoes to Tara. Sally only lent a snowboard to Norman.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	3	3	Tara and Norman asked Sally whether they could borrow snowboarding equipment from her for the weekend. They knew she and her husband used to snowboard, and still had snowboards and shoes that they didn't use much anymore. Sally agreed and looked for them in the attic. While she found two pairs of shoes, she did not find the second snowboard. Tara said that she might be able to borrow a snowboard from a friend. 	Sally was thinking about lending some snowboarding equipment to two of her friends.	Sally didn't lend a snowboard to Tara. Sally only lent a snowboard to Norman.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	3	4	Tara and Norman asked Sally whether they could borrow snowboarding equipment from her for the weekend. They knew she and her husband used to snowboard, and still had snowboards and shoes that they didn't use much anymore. Sally agreed and looked for them in the attic. While she found two pairs of shoes, she did not find the second snowboard. Tara said that she might be able to borrow a snowboard from a friend. 	Sally was thinking about lending some snowboarding equipment to two of her friends.	Sally lent shoes to both Norman and Tara. Sally only lent a snowboard to Norman.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	3	5	Tara and Norman asked Sally whether they could borrow snowboarding equipment from her for the weekend. They knew she and her husband used to snowboard, and still had snowboards and shoes that they didn't use much anymore. Sally agreed and looked for them in the attic. Despite an hour of searching, she failed to find either pair of shoes or the second snowboard. Tara said that she might be able to borrow equipment from a friend.	Sally was thinking about lending some snowboarding equipment to two of her friends.	Sally didn't lend a snowboard to Tara, and she didn't lend shoes to either Norman or Tara. Sally only lent a snowboard to Norman.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	3	6	Two friends asked Sally whether they could borrow snowboarding equipment from her for the weekend. They knew she and her husband used to snowboard, and still had snowboards and shoes that they didn't use much anymore. Sally agreed and looked for them in the attic. However, despite an hour of searching, she only found a single snowboard, and neither pair of shoes.	Sally was thinking about lending some snowboarding equipment to two of her friends.	So Sally could only lend one thing to one person. Sally only lent a snowboard to Norman.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	4	1	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US, Kristin and Danny, asked her to ship them a monitor and a printer for each of their computers, because both are much cheaper over there. She went to a store, and found two printers of the kind they requested, but there was just a single monitor left. She remembered that Danny still had an old monitor, and wasn't in a rush to get the new one. 	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US asked her to ship them some computer equipment.	Heather didn't ship a monitor to Danny. Heather only shipped a printer to Danny.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	4	2	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US, Kristin and Danny, asked her to ship them a monitor and a printer for each of their computers, because both are much cheaper over there. She went to a store, and found two printers of the kind they requested, but there was just a single monitor left. She remembered that Danny still had an old monitor, and wasn't in a rush to get the new one.	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US asked her to ship them some computer equipment.	Heather shipped a monitor and a printer to Kristin. Heather only shipped a printer to Danny.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	4	3	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US, Kristin and Danny, asked her to ship them a monitor and a printer for each of their computers, because both are much cheaper over there. She went to a store, and found two monitors of the kind they requested, but there was just a single printer left. She remembered that Kristin still had an old printer, and wasn't in a rush to get the new one. 	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US asked her to ship them some computer equipment.	Heather didn't ship a printer to Kristin. Heather only shipped a printer to Danny.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	4	4	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US, Kristin and Danny, asked her to ship them a monitor and a printer for each of their computers, because both are much cheaper over there. She went to a store, and found two monitors of the kind they requested, but there was just a single printer left. She remembered that Kristin still had an old printer, and wasn't in a rush to get the new one. 	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US asked her to ship them some computer equipment.	Heather shipped a monitor to both Danny and Kristin. Heather only shipped a printer to Danny.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	4	5	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US, Kristin and Danny, asked her to ship them a monitor and a printer for each of their computers, because both are much cheaper over there. She went to a store, and could only find one printer. In addition, they had run out of monitors. She knew that Danny was in a rush to set up his computer. 	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US asked her to ship them some computer equipment.	Heather didn't ship a printer to Kristin, and she didn't ship a monitor to either Danny or Kristin. Heather only shipped a printer to Danny.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	4	6	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US, asked her to ship them a monitor and a printer for each of their computers, because both are much cheaper over there. She realized that she would only be able to afford to ship one piece of equipment this month.	Heather went to live in Japan for a year. Two friends of hers in the US asked her to ship them some computer equipment.	Heather could only ship a single item to one of her friends. Heather only shipped a printer to Danny.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	5	1	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids, Meagan and Chris, to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them twenty-five dollars, in the form of one five-dollar bill and one twenty-dollar bill. When he came back from doing errands, however, Daddy saw that Chris had done everything he asked, but Meagan had stopped mowing after she did the front yard and sides, skipping the backyard.  	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them something.	Because of this, Daddy didn't pay a five to Meagan. Daddy only paid a twenty to Meagan.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	5	2	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids, Meagan and Chris, to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them twenty-five dollars, in the form of one five-dollar bill and one twenty-dollar bill. When he came back from doing errands, however, Daddy saw that Chris had done everything he asked, but Meagan had stopped mowing after she did the front yard and sides, skipping the backyard.	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them something.	So, Daddy paid a five and a twenty to Chris. Daddy only paid a twenty to Meagan.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	5	3	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids, Meagan and Chris, to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them twenty-five dollars, in the form of one five-dollar bill and one twenty-dollar bill. When he came back from doing errands, Daddy saw that Meagan had done everything he asked, but Chris had only mowed a small patch of grass, and not the whole lawn as Daddy had asked him to.	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them something.	Because of this, Daddy didn't pay a twenty to Chris. Daddy only paid a twenty to Meagan.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	5	4	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids, Meagan and Chris, to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them twenty-five dollars, in the form of one five-dollar bill and one twenty-dollar bill. When he came back from doing errands, Daddy saw that Meagan had done everything he asked, but Chris had only mowed a small patch of grass, and not the whole lawn as Daddy had asked him to.  	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them something.	So, Daddy paid a five to both Meagan and Chris. Daddy only paid a twenty to Meagan.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	5	5	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids, Meagan and Chris, to do some yardwork.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them twenty-five dollars, in the form of one five-dollar bill and one twenty-dollar bill. When he came back from doing errands, however, Daddy saw that Chris hadn't done anything he had been asked to, and Meagan had stopped mowing after she did the front yard and sides, skipping the backyard.	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them something.	Daddy didn't pay a five to either Meagan or Chris, and he didn't pay a twenty to Chris. Daddy only paid a twenty to Meagan.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	5	6	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them twenty-five dollars, in the form of one five-dollar bill and one twenty-dollar bill. When he came back from doing errands, however, Daddy saw that only one child had done yard work like he asked, and hadn't actually finished the work at that.	On Saturday morning, Daddy had asked his two kids to do some yard work.  If the kids did what he asked, Daddy promised to pay each of them something.	Because of this, Daddy only paid one bill to one of the kids. Daddy only paid a twenty to Meagan.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	6	1	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave some of her valuable gemstones to her niece and nephew, Tito and Lauren.  She owned several large diamonds and emeralds which were worth a lot of money. Edna initially decided to leave an emerald and a diamond to each of them. However, then she remembered how Lauren had never thanked her for the beautiful coat Edna had sent for Lauren's birthday.	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave her valuable gemstones to relatives or to charity.	Edna didn't leave an emerald to Lauren. Edna only left a diamond to Lauren.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	6	2	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave some of her valuable gemstones to her niece and nephew, Tito and Lauren.  She owned several large diamonds and emeralds which were worth a lot of money. Edna initially decided to leave an emerald and a diamond to each of them.  However, then she remembered how Lauren had never thanked her for the beautiful coat Edna had sent for Lauren's birthday.	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave her valuable gemstones to relatives or to charity.	Edna left a diamond and an emerald to Tito. Edna only left a diamond to Lauren.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	6	3	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave some of her valuable gemstones to her niece and nephew, Tito and Lauren.  She owned several large diamonds and emeralds which were worth a lot of money. Edna initially decided to leave an emerald and a diamond to each of them. However, then she remembered how Tito had never thanked her for the beautiful coat Edna had sent for Tito's birthday.	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave her valuable gemstones to relatives or to charity.	Edna didn't leave a diamond to Tito. Edna only left a diamond to Lauren.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	6	4	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave some of her valuable gemstones to her niece and nephew, Tito and Lauren.  She owned several large diamonds and emeralds which were worth a lot of money. Edna initially decided to leave an emerald and a diamond to each of them. However, then she remembered how Tito had never thanked her for the beautiful coat Edna had sent for Tito's birthday.	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave her valuable gemstones to relatives or to charity.	Edna left an emerald to both Lauren and Tito. Edna only left a diamond to Lauren.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	6	5	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave some of her valuable gemstones to her niece and nephew, Tito and Lauren.  She owned several large diamonds and emeralds which were worth a lot of money. Edna initially decided to leave an emerald and a diamond to each of them.  However she soon realized that she would need to sell all but one jewel in order to pay some medical bills.  Then she remembered how Tito had never thanked her for the beautiful coat Edna had sent for Tito's birthday.	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave her valuable gemstones to relatives or to charity.	Edna didn't leave an emerald to Lauren, and she didn't leave a diamond or an emerald to Tito. Edna only left a diamond to Lauren.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	6	6	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave some of her valuable gemstones to her niece and nephew.  She owned several large diamonds and emeralds which were worth a lot of money. Edna initially decided to leave a diamond and an emerald to each of them.  However she soon realized that she would need to sell all but one piece of jewelry in order to pay some medical bills.	Aunt Edna was preparing her will, and deciding whether to leave her valuable gemstones to relatives or to charity.	Edna had to pick one child to leave one jewel to. Edna only left a diamond to Lauren.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	7	1	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, Radar and Princess.  He knew how much they loved to play catch, so he usually brought along a couple of frisbees and tennis balls. He looked in his duffel bag for the equipment, and found two frisbees, but he could only find one tennis ball.  Then, he remembered that Radar had been running a bit slower than usual lately, and, unlike Princess, he probably wouldn't want to chase both items at once.	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, playing catch.	Roger didn't toss a ball to Radar. Roger only tossed a frisbee to Radar.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	7	2	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, Radar and Princess.  He knew how much they loved to play catch, so he usually brought along a couple of frisbees and tennis balls. He looked in his duffel bag for the equipment, and found two frisbees, but he could only find one tennis ball.  Then, he remembered that Radar had been running a bit slower than usual lately, and, unlike Princess, he probably wouldn't want to chase both items at once.	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, playing catch.	Roger tossed a ball and a frisbee to Princess. Roger only tossed a frisbee to Radar.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	7	3	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, Radar and Princess.  He knew how much they loved to play catch, so he usually brought along a couple of frisbees and tennis balls. He looked in his duffel bag for the equipment, and found two tennis balls, but he could only find one frisbee.  Then, he remembered that Princess had been running a bit slower than usual lately, and, unlike Radar, she probably wouldn't want to chase both items at once.	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, playing catch.	Roger didn't toss a frisbee to Princess. Roger only tossed a frisbee to Radar.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	7	4	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, Radar and Princess.  He knew how much they loved to play catch, so he usually brought along a couple of frisbees and tennis balls. He looked in his duffel bag for the equipment, and found two tennis balls, but he could only find one frisbee.  Then, he remembered that Princess had been running a bit slower than usual lately, and, unlike Radar, she probably wouldn't want to chase both items at once.	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, playing catch.	Roger tossed a ball to both Radar and Princess. Roger only tossed a frisbee to Radar.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	7	5	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, Radar and Princess.  He knew how much they loved to play catch, so he usually brought along a couple of frisbees and tennis balls. He looked in his duffel bag for the equipment, but failed to find any tennis balls, and only found one frisbee.  Then, he saw that Princess had run off to play with another dog, and so wouldn't want to chase anything today.	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, playing catch.	Roger didn't toss a ball to Radar and he didn't toss a ball or a frisbee to Princess. Roger only tossed a frisbee to Radar.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	7	6	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs.  He knew how much they loved to play catch, so he usually brought along a couple of frisbees and tennis balls. He looked in his duffel bag for the equipment, but failed to find any tennis balls, and only found one frisbee.	It was Saturday afternoon, and Roger was at the park with his two dogs, playing catch.	Roger had to pick one dog to toss one item to. Roger only tossed a frisbee to Radar.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	8	1	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins, Damon and Jenny, home from school.  She thought they might want a snack, so she had made some muffins and bought some cookies. She put a cookie on each of two napkins and put a muffin on each of two plates.  Then, she remembered that a student in Damon's class had brought in cupcakes for his birthday that afternoon, so Damon would not want a big snack.	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins home from school.  She thought they might want a snack.	Mother didn't serve a cookie to Damon. Mother only served a muffin to Damon.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	8	2	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins, Damon and Jenny, home from school.  She thought they might want a snack, so she had made some muffins and bought some cookies. She put a cookie on each of two napkins and put a muffin on each of two plates.  Then, she remembered that a student in Damon's class had brought in cupcakes for his birthday that afternoon, so Damon would not want a big snack.	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins home from school.  She thought they might want a snack.	So, mother served a cookie and a muffin to Jenny. Mother only served a muffin to Damon.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	8	3	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins, Damon and Jenny, home from school.  She thought they might want a snack, so she had made some muffins and bought some cookies. She put a cookie on each of two napkins and put a muffin on each of two plates.  Then, she remembered that a student in Jenny's class had brought in cupcakes for his birthday that afternoon, so Jenny would not want a big snack.	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins home from school.  She thought they might want a snack.	Mother didn't serve a muffin to Jenny. Mother only served a muffin to Damon.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	8	4	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins, Damon and Jenny, home from school.  She thought they might want a snack, so she had made some muffins and bought some cookies. She put a cookie on each of two napkins and put a muffin on each of two plates.  Then, she remembered that a student in Jenny's class had brought in cupcakes for his birthday that afternoon, so Jenny would not want a big snack.	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins home from school.  She thought they might want a snack.	Mother served a cookie to both Jenny and Damon. Mother only served a muffin to Damon.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	8	5	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins, Damon and Jenny, home from school.  She thought they might want a snack, so she had made some muffins and bought some cookies. She put a cookie on each of two napkins and put a muffin on each of two plates.  Then, she remembered that a student in the twins' class had brought in cupcakes for his birthday that afternoon, so they would not want a big snack.  Then again, Damon was in the middle of a growth spurt, so might be hungry after all.	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins home from school.  She thought they might want a snack.	Mother didn't serve a cookie to either Jenny or Damon and she didn't serve a muffin to Jenny. Mother only served a muffin to Damon.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	8	6	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins home from school.  She thought they might want a snack, so she had made some muffins and bought some cookies. But then it turned out that one had just been to the dentist's, and the other wasn't that hungry.	It was afternoon, and Mother was expecting her twins home from school.  She thought they might want a snack.	Mother served one baked good to one of her children. Mother only served a muffin to Damon.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	9	1	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. This year the store is sending out daily planners and fountain pens as presents. Today, the last two customers on his list were Brent and Karen. He realized that he didn't have enough fountain pens, and since he was going to see Karen on the weekend anyway he could give her a fountain pen then.	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. 	Rob didn't mail a fountain pen to Karen. Rob only mailed a planner to Karen.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	9	2	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. This year the store is sending out daily planners and fountain pens as presents. Today, the last two customers on his list were Brent and Karen. He realized that he didn't have enough fountain pens, and since he was going to see Karen on the weekend anyway he could give her a fountain pen then. 	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. 	Rob mailed a planner and a fountain pen to Brent. Rob only mailed a planner to Karen.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	9	3	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. Every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. This year the store is sending out daily planners and fountain pens as presents. Today, the last two customers on his list were Brent and Karen. He realized that he didn't have enough planners today, and since he was going to see Brent on the weekend anyway, he could give him a planner then. 	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. 	Rob didn't mail a planner to Brent. Rob only mailed a planner to Karen.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	9	4	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. Every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. This year the store is sending out daily planners and fountain pens as presents. Today, the last two customers on his list were Brent and Karen. He realized that he didn't have enough planners today, and since he was going to see Brent on the weekend anyway, he could give him a planner then. 	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. 	Rob mailed a fountain pen to both Karen and Brent. Rob only mailed a planner to Karen.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	9	5	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. Every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. This year the store is sending out daily planners and fountain pens as presents. Today, when he was almost done, he realized that he only had enough postage to mail out one more present, either a planner or a fountain pen. The last two customers on his list were Brent and Karen.	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. 	Rob didn't mail a fountain pen to Karen, and he didn't mail a planner or a fountain pen to Brent. Rob only mailed a planner to Karen.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	9	6	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. Every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. This year the store is sending out daily planners and fountain pens as presents. When he was almost done, he realized that he only had enough postage to send out one more present. 	Rob is in charge of customer service at the local stationary store. He knows most of the customers personally. At the end of every year, he is asked to mail out presents to the best customers. 	Rob had to pick one customer and one gift to send out. Rob only mailed a planner to Karen.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	10	1	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. Two customers, Richard and Wendy, had each just moved into new apartments, and were looking for some new gadgets.  Manny was going to sell each of them a toaster and a blender.  But then Wendy mentioned that she already had a nice toaster from her old apartment.	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. He knows most of the people who come shopping to the store.	Manny didn't sell a toaster to Wendy.  Manny only sold a blender to Wendy.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	10	2	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances.  Two customers, Richard and Wendy, had each just moved into new apartments, and were looking for some new gadgets.  Manny was going to sell each of them a toaster and a blender.  But then Wendy mentioned that she already had a nice toaster from her old apartment.	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. He knows most of the people who come shopping to the store.	Manny sold a blender and a toaster to Richard.  Manny only sold a blender to Wendy.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	10	3	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances.  Two customers, Richard and Wendy, had each just moved into new apartments, and were looking for some new gadgets. Manny was going to sell each of them a toaster and a blender.  But then Richard mentioned that he already had a nice blender from his old apartment.	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. He knows most of the people who come shopping to the store.	Manny didn't sell a blender to Richard.  Manny only sold a blender to Wendy.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	10	4	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. Two customers, Richard and Wendy, had each just moved into new apartments, and were looking for some new gadgets. Manny was going to sell each of them a toaster and a blender.  But then Richard mentioned that he already had a nice blender from his old apartment.	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. He knows most of the people who come shopping to the store.	Manny sold a toaster to both Wendy and Richard.  Manny only sold a blender to Wendy.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	10	5	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert  in kitchen appliances. Two customers, Richard and Wendy, had each just moved into new apartments, and were looking for some new gadgets. Manny was going to sell each of them a toaster and a blender.  But then the two discovered that even if they put their money together, they could only afford to buy one appliance.	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. He knows most of the people who come shopping to the store.	Manny didn't sell a toaster to Wendy, and he didn't sell a blender or a toaster to Richard.  Manny only sold a blender to Wendy.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	10	6	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances.  He was going to make several sales.  But then there was a fire alarm and he only managed to ring up one item for one customer.	Manny works at a home improvement store, and he's an expert in kitchen appliances. He knows most of the people who come shopping to the store.	Manny sold one appliance to one customer.  Manny only sold a blender to Wendy.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	11	1	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research. Two of her students, Tina and Greg, apply to work with her. She thinks that Tina's writing and research skills are great, but doubts Greg's writing ability.	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research.	Liz didn't hire Greg as a writer. Liz only hired Greg as a researcher.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	11	2	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research. Two of her students, Tina and Greg, apply to work with her. She thinks that Tina's writing and research skills are great, but doubts Greg's writing ability.	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research.	Liz hired Tina as a writer and a researcher. Liz only hired Greg as a researcher.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	11	3	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research. Two of her students, Tina and Greg, apply to work with her. She realizes that even though she needs two people helping her write, she only needs one assistant for research.	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research.	Liz didn't hire Tina as a researcher. Liz only hired Greg as a researcher.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	11	4	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research. Two of her students, Tina and Greg, apply to work with her. She realizes that even though she needs two people helping her write, she only needs one assistant for research.	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research.	Liz hired both Tina and Greg as writers. Liz only hired Greg as a researcher.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	11	5	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research. Two of her students, Tina and Greg, apply to work with her. She likes Greg's research experience, but his writing experience is lacking. She doesn't like Tina's resume at all.	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research.	Liz didn't hire Greg as a writer, and didn't hire Tina as a writer or researcher. Liz only hired Greg as a researcher.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	11	6	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research. However, she realizes that she doesn't have enough money to hire more than one assistant or focus on more than one task this year.	Liz is a professor, and wants to hire two assistants to help with her writing and her research.	Liz picked one student and one task. Liz only hired Greg as a researcher.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	12	1	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant. He only has enough flowers to cover one yard, but he has enough vegetables for both.	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant.	Jacob didn't plant flowers in the back yard. Jacob only planted vegetables in the back yard.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	12	2	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant. He only has enough flowers to cover one yard, but he has enough vegetables for both.	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant.	Jacob planted vegetables and flowers in the front yard. Jacob only planted vegetables in the back yard.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	12	3	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant. But his front yard only fits a few plants, while his back yard is much larger.	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant.	Jacob didn't plant vegetables in the front yard. Jacob only planted vegetables in the back yard.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	12	4	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant. But his front yard only fits a few plants, while his back yard is much larger.	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant.	Jacob planted flowers in both the front yard and back yard. Jacob only planted vegetables in the back yard.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	12	5	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant. However, there is lots of construction in his front yard and he can't plant anything there yet; half of his back yard is also taken up by construction equipment, so he has less space than he realized.	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant.	Jacob didn't plant flowers in the back yard, and planted neither flowers nor vegetables in the front yard. Jacob only planted vegetables in the back yard.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)
experiment	12	6	Jacob has bought some flowers and vegetables to plant. However, his wife wants to use most of their gardening space. She has allowed him to plant one type of plant in one of their two yards.	Jacob has a house with a front yard and a back yard. This year, he's bought some flowers and vegetables to plant.	Jacob had to pick one yard and one thing to plant. Jacob only planted vegetables in the back yard.	jm	How natural did you think the last sentence sounded given the story?  \n((1=completely unnatural, 7=completey natural)